Add preliminary support for the OTP socket interface (#757)
atomvm/AtomVM: doc/src/programmers-guide.md

    -type domain() :: inet.
    -type type() :: stream | dgram.
    -type protocol() :: tcp.
    -type socket() :: any().
    -type sockaddr() :: sockaddr_in().
    -type sockaddr_in() :: #{
        family := inet,
        port := port_number(),
        addr := any | loopback | in_addr()
    }.
    -type in_addr() :: {0..255, 0..255, 0..255, 0..255}.
    -type port_number() :: 0..65535.
    -type socket_option() :: {socket, reuseaddr} | {socket, linger}.

Create a socket using the `socket:open/3` function, providing a domain, type, and protocol.  Currently, AtomVM supports the `inet` domain, `stream` and `dgram` types, and `tcp` and `udp` protocols.

For example:

    %% erlang
    {ok, Socket} = socket:open(inet, stream, tcp),

### Server-side TCP Socket Programming

To program using sockets on the server side, you can bind an opened socket to an address and port number using the `socket:bind/2` function, supplying a map that specifies the address and port number.

This map may contain the following entries:

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| `family` | `inet` | | The address family.  (Currently, only `inet` is supported) |

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` \| `any` \| `loopback` | The address to which to bind.  The `any` value will bind the socket to all interfaces on the device.  The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: I am not sure I follow.  If I trace

https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#connect-2

then the input type is [sockaddr()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-sockaddr) which turn includes [sockaddr_in()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-sockaddr_in) defined as

```
#{family := inet,
      port := [port_number()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-port_number),
      addr := any | broadcast | loopback | [in_addr()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-in_addr)}
```

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` \| `any` \| `loopback` | The address to which to bind.  The `any` value will bind the socket to all interfaces on the device.  The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Reviewer: I am talking only about line 1610 which describes the map entry with the key `addr`.
In the bit you pasted (be careful `in_addr()` is not a list, there was a mix of Markdown and Erlang syntaxes), the map entry with the key `addr` has type `any | broadcast | loopback | in_addr()`.

Hence I suggest:
```suggestion
|  `addr` | `in_addr()` \| `any` \| `loopback` | The address to which to bind.  The `any` value will bind the socket to all interfaces on the device.  The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |
```

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` \| `any` \| `loopback` | The address to which to bind.  The `any` value will bind the socket to all interfaces on the device.  The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: Got it.  Fixed.

    PortNumber = 8080,
    ok = socket:bind(Socket, #{family => inet, addr => any, port => PortNumber}),

To listen for connections, use the `socket:listen/1` function:

    %% erlang
    ok = socket:listen(Socket),

Once your socket is listening on an interface and port, you can wait to accept a connection from an incoming client using the `socket:accept/1` function.

This function will block the current execution context (i.e., Erlang process) until a client establishes a TCP connection with the server:

    %% erlang
    {ok, ConnectedSocket} = socket:accept(Socket),

> Note.  Many applications will spawn processes to listen for socket connections, so that the main execution context of your application is not blocked.

### Client-side TCP Socket Programming

To program using sockets on the client side, you can connect an opened socket to an address and port number using the `socket:connect/2` function, supplying a map that specifies the address and port number.

This map may contain the following entries:

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| `family` | `inet` | | The address family.  (Currently, only `inet` is supported) |

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` | | The address to which to bind. The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: By my reading of the spec, we essentially only support:
```
#{family := inet,
      port := [port_number()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-port_number),
      addr := any | broadcast | loopback | [in_addr()](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket#type-in_addr)}
```

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` | | The address to which to bind. The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Reviewer: Likewise, I suggest:
```suggestion
|  `addr` | `in_addr() \| loopback` | | The address to which to connect. The `loopback` value will connect the socket to a port on the loopback interface on the device. |
```

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` | | The address to which to bind. The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: Interesting.  So yes, on OTP loopback appears to be supported on `socket:connect`.  However, `socket:bind` is required (at least) on MacOS:
```
24> {ok, Socket} = socket:open(inet, stream).
{ok,{'$socket',#Ref<0.3659914079.1714552838.150362>}}
26> socket:bind(Socket, #{family => inet, addr => any, port => 44406}).
ok
27> socket:connect(Socket, #{family => inet, addr => loopback, port => 44404}).         
ok
```

> |  `addr` | `sockaddr()` | | The address to which to bind. The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: Fixed

    end.

For more information about the `gen_tcp` client interface, consults the AtomVM API documentation.

## Socket Programming

> AtomVM supports a subset of the OTP [`socket`](https://www.erlang.org/doc/man/socket.html) interface, giving users more fine-grained control in socket programming.

Author: Added

The following types are relevant to this interface and are referenced in the remainder of this section:

    -type socket_domain() :: inet.

>     -type socket_type() :: stream.

Author: fixed

    -type socket() :: term().
    -type sockaddr() :: sockaddr_in().
    -type sockaddr_in() :: #{
        family := inet,
        port := port_num(),
        addr := addr()
    }.

>     -type addr() :: any | loopback | address_v4().

Author: Changed to use OTP specs

>     -type address_v4() :: {octet(), octet(), octet(), octet()}.

Author: Using OTP specs, I hard wired `0..255`

    -type octet() :: 0..255.
    -type port_num() :: 0..65535.

Create a socket using the `socket:open/3` function, providing a domain, type, and protocol.  Currently, AtomVM supports the `inet` domain, `stream` and `dgram` types, and `tcp` and `udp` protocols.

For example:

    %% erlang
    {ok, Socket} = socket:open(inet, stream, tcp),

### Server-side TCP Socket Programming

To program using sockets on the server side, you can bind an opened socket to an address and port number using the `socket:bind/2` function, supplying a map that specifies the address and port number.

This map may contain the following entries:

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| `family` | `inet` | | The address family.  (Currently, only `inet` is supported) |

> |  `addr` | `addr()` | `any` | The address to which to bind.  The `any` value will bind the socket to all interfaces on the device.  The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |

Author: fixed

> |  `port` | `port_num()` |  | The port to which to bind the socket.  If no port is specified, the operating system will choose an ephermeral port for the user. |

Author: Fixed

    end.

> Note.  The `socket:recv/1` function will block the current process until a packet has arrived or until the local or remote socket has been closed, or some other error occurs.

### Client-side TCP Socket Programming

To program using sockets on the client side, you can connect an opened socket to an address and port number using the `socket:connect/2` function, supplying a map that specifies the address and port number.

This map may contain the following entries:

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| `family` | `inet` | | The address family.  (Currently, only `inet` is supported) |
|  `addr` | `addr()` | | The address to which to bind. The `loopback` value will bind the socket to the loopback interface on the device. |
|  `port` | `port_num()` |  | The port to which to bind the socket. |

    %% erlang
    ok = socket:connect(Socket, #{family => inet, addr => loopback, port => 44404})

#### Sending and Receiving Data

Once you have a connected socket, you can send and receive data on that socket using the `socket:send/2` and `socket:recv/1` functions.

> For example:

Author: I rearranged some stuff, but I think it may not satisfy this change request.  But I think the way it is, while slightly repetitive, should still work for users.

    %% erlang
    case socket:send(ConnectedSocket, <<"ping">>) of
        {ok, _Rest} ->
            case socket:recv(ConnectedSocket) of
                {ok, Data} ->
                    loop(ConnectedSocket);
                Error ->
                    io:format("Error on recv: ~p~n", [Error])
            end;
        {error, closed} ->

>             io:format("Client closed connection.~n");

Author: fixed
